azuread_application: no longer derive a default value for the homepage property (#278)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azuread: website/docs/r/application.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The display name for the application.

> * `homepage` - (optional) The URL to the application's home page. This property is now also known as `signInUrl`.

Reviewer: i don't see a property known as signin url, so maybe this would be better worder as
```suggestion
* `homepage` - (optional) The URL to the application's home page. This property is also referred to as `signInUrl` in [portal?].
```

Author: Ah right, I see the Branding blade does actually still show "Home page URL" even though the underlying property changed. I'll amend this.
